Yes.
I'm shedding my pants.
What are you doing here?
I'm searching for the last
names to bring back into the light.
Why don't I give it right to the church?
[NOISE]
Sorry.
I'll come right back.
Excuse me.
I'm sorry.
I'm just late for a wedding.
Yes.
One question.
How do I get out of here?
Because someone made a terrible mistake.
I'm on a break.
Take a number.
Take a seat.
No, you see those asks.
They were defanged.
I paid extra for that.
Honey, you're dead okay.
Now take a number and sit down.
Is there perhaps anyone
here who has the power to help me?
Did that line used to work for you?
I'm not dead.
[LAUGHTER]
Well, you know what?
My husband's here.
Charles Deets.
Yes, he can fix us.
You call him, he can
fix us, he can fix anything.
Not anymore, he can't.